One of the things you find out in life is not just the money you make
it's the your sense of what you did that made a difference in the world
that will determine whether you consider your career a success or
a failure. In the military, the work I did, cryptology, there are
numerous examples in history about the effect of cryptology. The work
from World War two were probably the most at stake was the fact that
the US solve the Japanese naval codes in World War two allowed them
to predict exactly what the Japanese were planning to do for the
battle of midway and ambush the Japanese fleet, thereby sinking a huge
number of Japanese carriers, I think three or four carries with some
fair along with their pilots in airplanes and made it such that
the Japanese never could replace, probably the major turning point in
World War two in the Pacific. In the Atlantic, our ability to break
because the Germans were using to station their submarines allowed
us to win the war by keeping the sea lanes open to Great Britain so
that's been a big difference. In computing, supercomputing, and academia
clearly you know we were the ones rocking and rolling in the computer
field so I feel like we're changing the world every day.